Now let's create our highlight for our castle so well select our cylinder shape and using our brush
tool with a soft edge.
We're going to use this color and make sure that your opacity is down to five.
We're going to click hold down Shift come down to here and click and that'll give us a nice line.
We'll do the same on this side.
Click.
Hold down shift and then click.
Now let's do that.
Now let's add actually a second layer to that highlight because all of these buildings here would be
causing less of a highlight on this edge because the light from behind it couldn't pass it.
So up here there's going to be a little bit more of a highlight So we'll add a little bit more there
.
whoops it's too far in.
So just like that then we'll add then we'll select our smaller cylinder and go into that layer and we'll
do the same thing this time.
Make sure that your opacity is up to zero.
That actually might be a bit too much.
So let's do
it.
Let's move on to our cone.
So we'll select them then let's add a new layer.
And using this orange color let's actually make it a little bit brighter.
Right.
So that's the color we'll be using.
Now we'll take our brush and paint along the edge
then using our arrays tool we'll put the opacity on five.
We're going to race out this little area.
Now we'll switch back to our brush tool and we'll use this yellow color
we'll bring our brush size down and we'll paint in that edge of our cone
.
Now we want to copy these and save them for later.
So go ahead and copy our first cylinder.
Come down here to our folder and we'll paste and we'll actually get rid of this first guy that we created
because we're actually not going to need him because I forgot about our highlights that we were going
to mean to delete him.
Keep the one with the highlights.
Then we will copy our smaller cylinder
and paste them then we'll rename our folder.
Reuse